# About Me
I am Arya Younesi in the middle of my fourth decades of my life; born and live in Iran. I'm going to write a few words about myself and if you think you'll read an interesting peace of writing, perhaps you are in wrong way; since you will read a boring life. reading discretion recommended.

## A life Through
my favorite is C for sure, and PHP for websites and things (I know its limits and problems but still it's good). I am a fan of Fedora GNU/Linux for many reasons and using it. 
I learned QBasic, VisualBasic and C when I was a teenager, highschool student; that time learned also HTML, CSS, some WebAPI, etc. That time we, my brother and I, were teens, with no concern for life and difficulties, so we were trying things from FreeDOS to Lindows. I remember the last program I built was a simple app with geat GUI in VB which count the exact words of a text; note it worthy that time MS Word couldn't have count words very well, especially in RTL languages. mine did it very well since it was designed for RTL languages, e.g. Persian.
then when I went to University, major in Statistics, there we have an intense course on Cpp and also many courses on mathematics, mathematic foundation, set theory, mathematical logic (which I had some knowledge before), some personal study on Turing machines, and the most excellent logical proof I had ever seen, Kurt Godel's theorem. 
Then I left Statistics to study philosophy, since I love math but more love for humanities, particularly philosophy. Parental push and social misjudgements made me to sought something *serious*, which I did and was wrong. 

## Philosophy, Language and Codes
so I started studying philosophy. as you may know, **language** is a core concept in contemporary philosophy and artificial languages are good topics to assess. after a while of no coding I started a new way: interdisciplinary study through philosophy of language, linguistics, artificial languages, and programming languages, all personal. learned some Python, Rust, GTK and JS (never loved it),and recently V, Vala, Ruby and have in mind Crystal.
before I was looking these matters from Analytical philosophy point of view, but some years ago my mindset changed in favor of Continental philosophy of language, I mean Hermeneutics, de Saussure structuralism and deconstruction. however, still think Chomsky, Godel, Turing and Quine are related. Analytical philosophy focuses intensely on artificial things and likes to use symbols and a jargon; but it's not helpful. going this way may lead me to write an entire book here, so I'm bringing an end to it here. 

## Why I am here
generally speaking I'm not fan of social platforms, because social platforms are places that most serious words fall on deaf ears; you have to be dummy, saying strange things and confirm wide spread believes, if not you're invisible or perhaps a visible target for offenders. I'm not telling the world is dark, but the essence of social media needs to be very wierd, people come to media for interesting things, not boring, correct ones.
reasons for being here aren't known even for myself, but I give it a try. during COVID-19 pandemic working from home cause a lot of spare time. also, all people relied on IT more than ever; I had seen many people have problem with IT matters which showed we should step in and fortified people with computer sciences. we all need it to handle machines, if not the machines will handle us and cancel our choices. also, I was seeing young guys who are learning programming, as far as I can see the way they receive teachings is doomed; since everywhere is full of nonsense: C is such; PHP ouches; cyber security? tell me what is that! so tutors just teach JS with no CS concerns, focusing only on shiny design with a lot of assets, promoting dead languages like VB DotNet. finally, the saddest part: an army of teenagers who love hacking, not the white or red way; while they had better to love making some applications, they love to ruining applications. 
Other reason was that I lost many works which left me with time, gloomy mood and wondering. thus, I thought it's time to do some codes and help youngers through it. I'm doing the former, and had some personal projects on the go (personal because never think of programming as a source of income, and still I don't, perhaps I should do it); but the latter, was a failure. nowadays kids aren't like the way we were; when you tell them something either ignore you or offer some offensive words. I don't know why they should be like that. 

## future plans
now I'm working on some personal projects, with no sponsors, about building a website for free teaching about programming and GNU/Linux, and a platform, perhaps tools too, for kids with special needs to learn GNU/Linux and finally coding. these kids left out, has no voice and no one wants to give them powerful tools to make thier way through this world of codes. I couldn't fullfil it certainly but I want to try my best. also I want to give academic people a few things to build websites and things for theirselves, not like the way let say CMSs do it. 

is it enough? I think so.



